Hogan erases Glen with best price
nutrition and today I'm going to give
you an overview on the new fat burner
for my force called Thermax n now if
you're looking around online for through
Moxon you want to find out some
information yourself on it you might see
some old links to an old I force
products product years ago they used to
make a product called thir Moxon
so it's an older bottle you see it's
blue with red so when you're online
looking when you come to our website
you'll see the white box and I'll say
third box and on it so just going
through the product and the ingredients
the first is it's under 20 capsules per
bottle 60 capsules or I should say 60
servings per container
so the first is the audrina flex which
is caffeine anhydrous and Akasha
original Virginia law we all know what
caffeine does I don't know the exact
amount of caffeine it's inside here
you're probably looking anywhere from
you know 100 to 300 milligrams but it's
this is the stimulant part and then the
Akasha extract it's inside here Akasha
has been shown to contain multiple
stimulants specifically analogues of PE
a so and it's also the ingredient that
gave the real big energy kick that was
in dexedrine this shouldn't be as strong
because just as evidenced by the two
capsules serving we should still get a
nice energy kick from it so that's the
two energy ingredients next is a thermo
Plex citrus or raw tiem which is the
source of Sun Efrain sniffers has been
around for years there is some
researches show it can cause a slight
increase in your resting metabolic rate
and then the next ingredient is raw wool
feeis or patina extract also known as
alpha yohimbine it's a related to you
imagine give you the very same effects
in human without a lot of the side
effects a lot of people can't handle
even in mind it can cause an increase in
blood pressure
cold sweats things like that jitter is
just unpleasant feeling but it's a very
very effective fat burning agent so
that's why they give you giving you this
it's the same effects without
side effects and there's that
ingredients so we'll go through next to
retain Plex lemon verbena extract this
is a relatively new ingredient I
shouldn't say new it's been out for a
long time obviously but it hasn't been
in a lot of products just now you're
seeing it in products it is an
antioxidant it's actually may protect
against overtraining and that's what's
been found with this particular
antioxidant it doesn't have that
pro-oxidant effect when taking too much
of which is nice raspberry ketones
another popular fat-burning ingredient a
lot of animal studies I should say rat
in my studies showing that it can
increase your fat breakdown and it's
actually an increase in adiponectin
which can cause bath right down which is
nice lastly meta Plex Garcinia cambogia
extract popular ingredient now
especially with the great doctor that
mentioned it there's some studies to
show that can cause a slight decrease in
body weight for people who have been
taking it not a huge amount of weight
loss things like that but it may inhibit
effect producing enzyme so may be more
beneficial in terms of keeping your body
from creating new fat or you're gaining
extra weight so that's the effect that
that may have on you green coffee bean
extract another one very popular says
50%
it says green coffee bean extract 50%
I'm gonna guess that means 50%
standardized for 50% chlorogenic acids
because when you're looking for a green
coffee bean you want the chlorogenic
acids to be high at least 50% so this
ingredient may inhibit some carbohydrate
uptake into the fat cells and then
lastly Olea europaea left leaf extract
also known as olive leaf extract only
physical ingredient has actually has
some effect on lowering blood pressure
it also has some effect on lowering
cholesterol levels but it also may
increase your t3 levels which is your
thyroid hormone that may induce extra
calibrating that way so those are the
ingredients it's not gender specific you
can be thinking about a manner
woman nice thing about this is not going
to have such a huge kick that Dec sperm
heads I know a lot of people you know
they couldn't take even a full cap so
they were splitting caps almost I'm the
serving size is two capsules I recommend
starting with one just to assess your
tolerance if you feel okay go ahead and
take two and they want you to take no
more than four capsules in 24 hours let
me make sure that yeah no more than four
capsules in a 24-hour period so
basically to start with one capsule and
then maybe one four to six hours later
and then you know if you feel like
you're okay the second day you can go to
two and two or give yourself a week of
the one and one and a move on the two
and so however you want to do it so just
don't take any more than four no more
than two at a time so I think that just
about covers it
have any further questions you can post
it in the comment section below if you
liked the video please give me a thumbs
up and you can also find us on facebook
at facebook.com/ so that's the best
price nutrition thank you